Chen Hao, are you sure I'll take Auntie to take a picture?
No.
With professional acupuncture and massage, it can be cured.
enter
Dr. Su, I'm here to see you.
The lady is here, please take a seat
Miss Ye, why has your genetic cold worsened?
I don't know. I've been feeling cold and gloomy lately.
Brain bulging
No spirit
Dr. Su, please tell me the truth
How long do I have?
most
In less than three months
Are you getting sicker?
It's a response.
Chen Hao, don't talk nonsense
To be precise, it is evil
Nonsense
Vice Dean Huang, why are you here again?
Miss Ye came to our hospital to see a doctor
How could I not come?
Have you ruined your brain?
Miss Ye, don't listen to this kid's nonsense
He used to be the boss of reselling scarves and medicines
It's a medical misconduct.
Corrupting the weaknesses of our hospital births
Chen Hao, my brother is taking you out